README.md, before:

These are the examples we worked on together in our live classes.

> 🗒️ As these are live examples, we may take some shortcuts or leave out some sections due to time constraints (or to leave you homework challenges for your own practice): please let me know if you notice any unexpected errors or gaps.

Thanks!
👋 - Dana

# Related Links
- [Lesson Slides for CPSC 1520](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LAxWQsVUu6_ZCxwUDwJGYiigz-ruLakt)
- [CPSC 1520 Speed Run](https://dmarshnait.github.io/cpsc1520/QuickReference)
- [CPSC 1520 Style Guide & Coding Standards](https://dmarshnait.github.io/cpsc1520/styleguide)

# Extensions
Some extensions I recommend:
- [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)
    - A spell checker that checks for typos in your code and comments. It's smart enough to understand a variable like `myNumber` and parse the individual words that make up the variable name!
- [Prettier Formatter for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
    - Makes your code pretty by applying consistent styling. Works for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, TypeScript and other languages!
- [W3C Web Validator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CelianRiboulet.webvalidator)
    - This validates your HTML without leaving VS Code.
    - 🔥 Tip: in settings enable "Validate On Save" and it'll auto-validate and give you a helpful pop-up confirmation every time you save your HTML file.
- [open in browser](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=techer.open-in-browser)
    - As the name suggests: adds "open in browser" to the right-click context menu in your VS Code Explorer. That means we can open an .html file with one click instead of two: what will we do with all our extra time?!
- [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
    - This creates a server on your computer that will automatically reload your webpage every time you make changes to the .html. Here's a [walk-through of how to use it and why it's awesome](https://medium.com/@aleksej.gudkov/how-to-use-live-server-in-visual-studio-code-for-real-time-web-development-c1914a4e7f24).
- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
    - Check your JavaScript for bugs & poor practices.
- [VSCODE-TODO-HIGHLIGHT](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wayou.vscode-todo-highlight)
    - If you like leaving yourself `TODO` comments in your code, this handy extension highlights them so you don't forget an important task.

Commit message:

Add JS code snippet extension

README.md, after:

These are the examples we worked on together in our live classes.

> 🗒️ As these are live examples, we may take some shortcuts or leave out some sections due to time constraints (or to leave you homework challenges for your own practice): please let me know if you notice any unexpected errors or gaps.

Thanks!
👋 - Dana

# Related Links
- [Lesson Slides for CPSC 1520](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LAxWQsVUu6_ZCxwUDwJGYiigz-ruLakt)
- [CPSC 1520 Speed Run](https://dmarshnait.github.io/cpsc1520/QuickReference)
- [CPSC 1520 Style Guide & Coding Standards](https://dmarshnait.github.io/cpsc1520/styleguide)

# Extensions
Some extensions I recommend:
- [JavaScript (ES6) code snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=xabikos.JavaScriptSnippets)
    - Save yourself lots of manual work by using code snippets. e.g. typing just `nfn` and hitting the tab key will create the full arrow expression to create a new function!
- [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)
    - A spell checker that checks for typos in your code and comments. It's smart enough to understand a variable like `myNumber` and parse the individual words that make up the variable name!
- [Prettier Formatter for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
    - Makes your code pretty by applying consistent styling. Works for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, TypeScript and other languages!
- [W3C Web Validator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CelianRiboulet.webvalidator)
    - This validates your HTML without leaving VS Code.
    - 🔥 Tip: in settings enable "Validate On Save" and it'll auto-validate and give you a helpful pop-up confirmation every time you save your HTML file.
- [open in browser](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=techer.open-in-browser)
    - As the name suggests: adds "open in browser" to the right-click context menu in your VS Code Explorer. That means we can open an .html file with one click instead of two: what will we do with all our extra time?!
- [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
    - This creates a server on your computer that will automatically reload your webpage every time you make changes to the .html. Here's a [walk-through of how to use it and why it's awesome](https://medium.com/@aleksej.gudkov/how-to-use-live-server-in-visual-studio-code-for-real-time-web-development-c1914a4e7f24).
- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
    - Check your JavaScript for bugs & poor practices.
- [VSCODE-TODO-HIGHLIGHT](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wayou.vscode-todo-highlight)
    - If you like leaving yourself `TODO` comments in your code, this handy extension highlights them so you don't forget an important task.
